[Runtime] Fix concrete to logical qubit mapping. (#80)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Fix error in logical to concrete qubit mapping during measurements.

Reviewer: Other measurements look fine ;) 
```suggestion
* Fix a bug in logical to concrete qubit mapping in mid-circuit measurement.

```
